[6.3.1] Changed exercise from Docker Hub to GHCR (#666)
liatrio/devops-bootcamp: docs/6-release-management/6.3.1-docker.md

      - GitHub Actions
---

# Container Registries

Similar to more traditional software artifacts, containerized application images are usually deployed to a centralized repository when they are released. From the repository they can be deployed into runtime environments or consumed as dependencies for other applications.

## Docker Hub

> [Dockerhub](https://hub.docker.com/) is the defacto default container registry for Docker. In short, this means that Dockerhub provides repositories to create, manage, and find container images. Even though it's the world's largest container registry, Docker Hub is just one of many options available—organizations often explore other registries like GitHub Container Registry, Amazon ECR, or Google Artifact Registry to suit their specific needs and infrastructure preferences.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Docker Hub](https://hub.docker.com/) is the defacto default container registry for Docker and Dockers OCI compliant image registry for storing, versioning, and distributing container images. This means that commands such as `docker pull org/image:tag` and `docker push org/image:tag` will by default pull/push to Docker Hub. Even though Docker Hub is the world's largest container registry, it is just one of many OCI compliant registries available. Other popular image registries are GitHub Container Registry (GHCR), Amazon ECR, or Google Artifact Registry.
```
